everybody this planetarium show which
will take us through the objects that
you can see in the night sky for April
of 2020 put it together using the
stellarium software which is an
excellent tool for looking at what you
can see at different times in the night
sky and it's free to download from
internet so it's called Stellarium well
let's get started we've got blue skies
and the Sun in the sky here above the
horizon and I'm going to let time run
forward and we'll see how the Sun moves
down towards that horizon and the sky is
going to start to darken for us
I'll get those classic orange colors of
sunset as the Sun nears the horizon and
of course eventually it could be dark
enough for us to start to see the first
stars so here we go the sun's just about
to dip below the horizon there and we'll
bring it to a halt just as it's starting
to get dark and then we'll go and look
at the most obvious object in the sky at
the moment and that is the planet Venus
Venus is very very bright indeed up here
in the West and with a telescope or a
pair of binoculars you can zoom in on it
and the planetarium software can take us
right in and you'll see the just under
half lit side of Venus there the dayside
is pointing down and to the right
towards the Sun and you'll see that lit
up you won't necessarily see the dark
side the night side of Venus that's just
shown so we can see where the whole
planet would be now normally when we
look at Venus we don't see anything
except for the cloud tops it's very
difficult to the clouds are very thick
the atmosphere on Venus is a hundred
times as dense as our own so without
sending a space probe and only a very
few Russian space probes have done that
and made it to the surface it's very
difficult to study what's going on
beneath
immensely dense clouds so let's pull
back away from Venus and we'll get a to
allow time to run forwards so the sky
darkens a bit more and we should start
to see one or two stars they're just
beginning to become visible as we move
forward we're gonna head forward to
quarter past 9:00 at night and it'll
still be a little bit light at that
point some of the favorite
constellations beginning to come into
view one or two satellites flying across
the screen the software knows about a
lot of the major satellites so here we
are we've stopped at quarter past 9:00
at night and we chosen that deliberately
so that we can look at one or two of my
favorite constellations before they
disappear down below the horizon first
of those is going to be a Ryan Orion the
Hunter over here and classic easy to
find constellation lots of bright stars
particularly the three that make up
Orion's belt they're just but above the
horizon we've got Rigel and directly
above it on the opposite corner of Orion
is metal gears so her Ryan the hunter
facing off against his eternal foe
Taurus the Bull layer in the night sky
and let's have a look at some of the
objects that we can find inside that
constellation of Orion
so here's Bethel Jers Betelgeuse very
red star to the eye we can see it has
been dimming down recently and there's
some speculation that it might explode
as a supernova but it might take another
million years predicting these things is
not an exact science
we can't tell quite what's going on
inside the star
so that's Bethel Jay's it's around 650
light-years away from us so if it does
explode it a supernova it will be very
spectacular but it wouldn't actually be
close enough to be dangerous to life on
Earth
famous object in Orion is the sort
handle here and this is the great Orion
Nebula
it's where stars are being born out of a
cloud of Gus ass and Dustin is collected
together under gravity and you can see
some new stars right in the center there
that have lit up out of the densest
parts and they're beginning to blow they
bubble of gas surrounding them away and
lighting it up with their ultraviolet
radiation making it glow so that's the
Orion Nebula you can see that without a
telescope just but with binoculars or a
small scope it's much better now we're
going to look at Orion's belt and we're
going to zoom in on the left-hand star
of Orion's belt called El Natak now
that's a good place to look if you've
got a powerful telescope available an 8
inch or 10 inch river reflecting
telescope you might be able to track
down just next to the bright star you'll
see the flame nebula at the top of the
screen there and below it more difficult
to find is the Horsehead Nebula looks
like a sea horse's head perhaps as a
dark dusty material swirling round in
front of the glowing pink of hydrogen
gas there so those are a few of their
nebulae they're in and around that lower
part of the rhyme there's another cloud
of gas you can already see it and that's
up here again we've got dirty dusty
material passing across in front of as
bright star and then the light from that
bright star that we can't see is
lighting up the rest of the gas in this
cloud from which new stars have been
being born in the past so there's a lot
of this sort of star forming process
going on in and around the star clouds
of Orion next from Orion we're going to
look left and down a bit down towards
the horizon and to the brightest star in
the sky apart of course from our Sun and
that is Sirius the dog star and it's
called the dog star it's the main star
of Canis Major the big dog there's a
Ryan and he's got his faithful hunting
dog following it his
they're canis major the big dog and he's
also accompanied by the lesser dog canis
minor and that is these stars up here
there he takes a little bit more
imagination to try and make a dog shape
out of these especially when the stick
diagram is just two stars joined by a
line but they ancient people managed to
decide that there was a little dog here
somehow and that's the bright star Pro
Scion so that's the second of Orion's
hunting dogs now in the region between
them there's an even more indistinct
constellation and that's the
constellation of Monoceros the Milky Way
runs down between the big dog and the
little dog and this area here doesn't
really are any bright stars in it so
they decided to join some of the lesser
stars up and make this shape here and
conclude you that it looked like a
unicorn and I really wonder quite how
they managed to do that there's the
unicorn okay so Ryan is going hunting
chasing Taurus the Bull there you can
see Taurus his horns with two dogs and a
unicorn but at the nostrils of the
unicorn
perhaps representing the unicorns breath
is the rosette nebula this is a lovely
object could find this like dark sky
night with a pair of binoculars you'll
see their star cluster in the middle
this is a slightly older star cluster
that's formed in the same way as the
Orion Nebula but is a little bit older
and so the stars are prominent and the
gas is being blown away you can see how
they've blown a bubble in the middle
there and that bubble lets star cluster
right in the center that's about the
same size as our Moon appears on the sky
so this is really quite a large object a
telescope won't really show it you need
binoculars for the wide field of view
just above it is
Christmas tree cluster and the Christmas
tree cluster contains an object called
the cone nebula again more star-forming
going on here young stars being born out
of clouds of gas and material here's a
high-resolution image overlaid and see
all of that gas in and around this
triangular shape which makes up the
Christmas tree cluster so a couple of
interesting little objects to go and
chase down there in that region of
Monoceros that lies between the two
hunting dogs now let's pull back away
from there and we'll see a bit of a
wider view of what's going on just see
the top of a Ryan and over here is
Taurus we've got that v-shape with the
one bright star making up the face of
Taurus the Bull it's got a two enormous
horns going right up there towards the
top of the screen and the other bright
object there is of course Venus because
the Venus is right by one of Tauruses
ears his eye there is old of iron that's
the reddish orange colored star a giant
star at the end of its life swelled up
this happens when stars are beginning to
run out of fuel and it marks the
position of the eye the other stars in
the cluster there that make up the face
a bit further away and there a star
cluster called the Hyades on the back of
Taurus the Bull we've got this other
cluster called the Pleiades though the
Seven Sisters and these are very young
stars
perhaps this cluster is a little bit
older than the rosette nebula and
represents the next stage on almost all
of the gas has been blown away just
leaving a naked cluster of stars about a
hundred and fifty stars there and that's
easily visible without a telescope
really even with the naked eye you can
see it as a fuzzy patch in the sky
binoculars show it really well more
challenging to find up by the horns of
Taurus is the exploded star rim
a supernova remnant called the Crab
Nebula here a star blew up whom was
observed by chinese astronomers in the
year 1054 ad they saw it as a bright new
star in the sky for about three months
it was visible in daylight even but now
we see the exploded remnants there so
now we're going to move on a little bit
further into the night and a little bit
further around the sky and look at some
more objects so we got a call back and
then we'll let time run forwards and
we'll move on from quarter past nine to
later in the night that round about
midnight and look at this part of the
sky over here I can already see the
outline of another very famous
constellation that's Leo the Lion one or
two satellites whizzing past but I'm
just going to let time pass and we'll
get this positioned perfectly so that I
can show you the objects that I want to
when we're looking in this direction in
the sky towards Leo we're looking out
into deep space away from all of the
interference of the nearby star clouds
in our galaxy and so this is a great
place to go looking for other galaxies
you can go galaxy surfing through Leo
and the first group we're going to look
at there's Leo the Lion it really does
make a lion shape in the sky doesn't it
but we're going to take that away and
we're going to look at a group of
galaxies just below the belly of Leo and
this is called the Leo trio there are
three galaxies really close to each
other different shapes and sizes of
galaxies there look and they've got
these numbers M 95 96 and 105 those
numbers refer to their catalogue number
in a list of objects that was compiled
by Charles Messier a famous French
astronomer one that he missed is this
one this is the Catherine Wheel galaxies
over by the nose of Leo and this one's
quite easy to find as well it's quite
bright and it's got these lovely
our arms and a slight bar structure
across the middle so that it's more
elongated and you can see the color as
well you can see that it's redder in the
middle and bluer towards the outside
that's very characteristic of spiral
galaxies so there's plenty more objects
like that in in Leo there's several
other groups of cluster of galaxies for
us to look at but where we'll move on
and we'll go and perhaps look at
something that you can go and trace with
just a naked eye and then perhaps with
binoculars here's the constellation
Gemini the heavenly twins and the two
stars at the top of the stickman there
are called castor on the right and
Pollux on the left and they really do
look like a couple of human figures if
they're drawn like that don't they so
there's the heavenly twins of Gemini now
down by the foot of one of them just
above that tree on the horizon there
with a telescope we can zoom in and find
another exploded star remnant it's only
just above the tree here look that's
called the jellyfish nebula this is
rather older and we're not quite sure
whether it's 3000 or 30,000 years ago
when this one blew up it can be quite
difficult there's a high-resolution
photograph prade we've been photo bombed
by some satellites in trying to take
that image but it shows the color a
little with that sort of orangey color
so that's the jellyfish nebula in Gemini
now we're going to pull out and move to
the right to the Pentagon of stars you
can see just up to the right of the tree
there that's the constellation of or ago
that charioteer so well just position
that perfectly and then show you there's
the ring of stars that makes up Auriga
and here he is the artworks coming up
you can see he's carrying some goats a
mother goat and a couple of baby goats
and the brightest star in Auriga that's
near the face of the mother goat there
is called capella and
the goat star and a little triangle of
stars that are underneath are called the
kids
so here's capella I'm a little bit of a
cloud of gas around it and we zoom right
in this star was imaged by a very
special toy scope called Coast here in
Cambridge which actually managed to show
the surface of the star itself rather
than just seeing it as a point of light
so that's capella and just below it is
the little triangle you can look out for
of the kids now in Capel you can also
use your binoculars to go and look at
some star clusters and there are three
very similar star clusters but the
challenge is to work out which one is
the youngest and which one is the oldest
if I tell you that the stars in star
clusters gradually get thrown out of the
cluster and more and more scattered over
time due to having near misses with each
other and one of the stars then gets a
slingshot effect and thrown out of the
cluster
you can probably work out from these
three which one is the youngest which
one is the oldest by the more scattered
nature of the stars they're not packed
together as tightly in the middle but
they're all three in a nice row there
and very easy to track them down with a
pair of binoculars
just a little bit below these two we've
also got a couple of good targets for a
telescope with a camera and that's
because we've got some lovely clouds of
gas that show up some amazing colors now
you won't see the colors with your eye
but you will pick it up with a camera or
on a powerful telescope a good amateur
telescope and you can see the flaming
star nebula and another pink nebula off
to the side there here we go we move
over a little bit and you can really see
the nice color contrast in these clouds
of gas and dust that are being lit up by
different stars and different processes
the pink is hydrogen that's glowing and
the blue color is the reflected light of
hot blue stars so different results from
different processes
okay so we'll pull back away from the
star clouds of Auriga and we're going to
find something that perhaps everybody
has recognized perhaps the most famous
constellation of the night sky and goes
by a variety of different names this one
some people call it a saucepan something
call it the Big Dipper some call it
plough but the official name is Ursa
Major which means the Great Bear and
it's a bit higher up here it is we've
got the four stars that make the
saucepan there we've gone soon in a
little bit too much let's come back and
we'll begin to see the saucepan handle
sticking off the top there but the whole
constellation of the Great Bear is very
large indeed you can see is knows and
pause at the bottom and the tail going
up to the top off the screen I think
we'll take the artwork away there and
swing him around so that we get a better
view let's bring that here we go
here's the tale of the Great Bear and
we're going to look right into the
middle star of the tale this is a double
star the two components are called Mizar
and Alcor
and you can see the two separately just
with your I don't need any telescope for
that at all but a very powerful
telescope you can
zoom right in and Mizar turns out to be
a double star in itself and in fact you
could do the same on Alcor there it's a
double double star system a quadruple
system so that's the tale of the Great
Bear and just below Mizar we can already
see a fuzzy patch on the image there and
that's the pinwheel galaxy so it's a
good way to find it to start from the
tail of the Great Bear a classic spiral
galaxy 20 million light-years away from
us all the way across deep space there
very much got that same color of the
yellow in the middle this is the
high-resolution image that I've brought
up show it in great detail and you take
that away again and then zoom out and
we're going to look at another galaxy
called the Whirlpool galaxy which is the
other side of the tail of the Great Bear
and what we find with the Whirlpool
Galaxy is we can see how get galaxies
grow in action because the Whirlpool
Galaxy here you can see the spiral
structure of it we can also see that a
wandering dwarf galaxy has come too
close to it and the main galaxy is
beginning to eat it for its lunch this
is how galaxies get bigger they're
cannibalistic they eat smaller galaxies
that come too close to them their
gravity grabs hold of them and pulls
them in and the two systems end up
merging in like one galaxy ends up
getting larger so quite an interesting
process now a different type of objects
this is what the Sun will look like in
about five thousand million years it's
called a planetary nebula but it has
nothing to do with planets it's a dying
star the stars puffed off its outer
atmosphere out into space and left
behind that little dot in the center
that's a white dwarf star these white
dwarf stars are dead stars they barely
eventually cool down and become black
Dwarfs they're the dead nuclear heart of
the stars
it's another galaxy for you and this
one's a bit of an edge on the spiral
galaxy
so it's a little bit more difficult to
see the structure you can see lots of
dirty dust lines in the spiral arms
carving around cutting through the
brighter middle nucleus of the galaxy
there this is a bit further away forty
five million light years for this one so
we'll pull back out of Ursa Major there
and cross the ball off the plow area
there and there's another pair of
galaxies these two show up very nicely
with a modest-sized telescope we have
bodes galaxy and the cigar galaxy bodes
galaxy on the left there looks like a
traditional spiral galaxy with a bright
nucleus and those lovely spiral arms and
these are about ten and a half million
light-years from us but about six
million years ago the cigar galaxy the
smaller one came too close to its larger
neighbor and you can see the disruption
and chaos that has resulted the spiral
structure has been somewhat twisted and
all this red material has been poured
out of the centre there due to all of
the chaos and disruption of this
near-miss that it had with its larger
neighbor now we're looking at the Little
Bear Ursa Minor it's like a miniature
version of the plough with that Square
and the long tail and at this point
somebody really ought to be pointing out
that bear's tails are not this long
the ancient Greeks got this rather badly
wrong it's more the shape of a fox with
a long bushy tail Bears have rather
short tails but never mind the tip of
the tail of the Great Bear is a very
important star to us here on earth
it's the pole star Polaris or the North
Star and its importance to navigators
because it sits directly above the North
Pole of the earth so if you stood up a
north pole it would be directly above
your head a little bit further south
where I'm doing this from in Cambridge
it's about 52 degrees
above the horizon but it's always in the
same place it's always due north and as
time goes on we're running time forwards
at quite a speed here you can see that
Polaris remains stationary right in the
center of the screen and the whole sky
appears to spin around it that's quite a
few satellites whizzing past but the
stars are all smoothly spin around as
the Earth turns underneath them now we
can use the planetarium software to go
backwards so I'm going to return back to
midnight it's like having a time machine
I can control time and go forwards or
backwards at any speed I like with this
system so we'll go back to midnight
where we were so that everything's in
the right place bring that to a halt and
now we're going to get on looking at
another couple of interesting
constellations that are visible best
after midnight often that we look at
these when we're doing our observing
more in the summer but you can see them
all the time and we'll pull back a bit
away from Polaris and then move across
down here a bit lower we've got the
constellation of Lyra this is looking to
the north now and a parallelogram of
stars with one separate bright star now
ancient Greeks decided this was the
shape of a Greek musical instrument
called a liar and probably not familiar
with that I know I'm not but I really
can't see that that fits that shape very
well either so we'll take that away and
what we're going to do is look at the
bright star Vega this is one of the Suns
near neighbors it's only 25 light-years
away which is why it looks so bright to
us but it is a bit bigger and heavier
more massive than the Sun and hotter
9,000 degrees the Sun is only
five-and-a-half thousand and beggary
puts out about 40 times as much energy
they're bigger and more massive of star
is that faster and hotter it burns
so we're gonna zoom in now and look at
one object that's inside this little
constellation that's one of the real
most impressive sights of the all the
night sky and that is called the ring
nebula here it is we're zooming in when
you see a ring a smoke ring in space
with a red tinged outer envelope and a
white dwarf star right in the middle
there this is again the end stage of a
sun-like star where it's puffed off its
outer atmosphere blown it out into space
and left the dead nuclear reactor in the
middle there and that's what our Sun is
going to do as I said earlier in about
5,000 million years so there's plenty of
time so that's the ring nebula now we're
going to go to the constellation of
Hercules you can see this sort of
keystone structure of their four main
stars in the middle there with the arms
and legs of Hercules stretching out away
from it now Hercules turns out to be
upside down and his head's at the bottom
they look but a lot of things in
astronomy tend to be upside down we just
need to not worry about it
I've chosen to stop here on earth to
because there's a different type of star
cluster in Hercules and it's very easy
to find can just about find it with the
naked eye but binoculars will show it up
or a small telescope and it's the great
popular cluster it's about 25,000
light-years away just outside our own
galaxy and there's half a million stars
is the high-resolution image these half
million stars packed together in a tight
ball and we think that it's probably a
small sized black hole in the middle
there maybe about 30 times the mass of
our Sun here's another globular cluster
a slightly smaller a little bit further
away and these are like micro galaxies
that are all buzzing around the outside
of our Milky Way we have something like
400 if these globular clusters and they
might be the remains of small galaxies
they might be the nuclei are very small
galaxies
the Milky Way has tried to eat we're not
quite sure but they're very very common
and also very beautiful to look at if
you do manage to image them with a
telescope they look like jewels
scattered on the velvet background of
the black of space very lovely indeed
okay so now we're going to move on to
the dawn sky we're gonna go traveling
through time to 4:40 a.m. and the reason
for that is that we've only looked at
one planet so far that was the planet
Venus at the beginning of this tour and
the three main planets that I'm going to
show you are all queued up in the dawn
sky right before the Sun comes up just
best viewed at exactly 4:40 a.m. so
we'll let time wizened there's a bit of
the Milky Way there coming up and we'll
traverse over to the east towards where
the dorm is going to come from and see
what we can find
vaguer in the middle of the screen just
to the left there but down here just
rising up above the horizon got the moon
there but we also got the red planet
Mars
zoom in on Mars we see that it's showing
a three-quarter lit face towards us at
the moment and it's got its two little
moons there which you won't see unless
you're a very powerful telescope because
they're ever so tiny
Phobos and Deimos fear and terror to go
with the Mars being a God of War now we
can zoom in a bit on Mars and just about
make out some surface features there the
different light and dark markings and
that ring shape like green shape that's
a volcano on Mars up at the top there
Mars has some very large volcanoes
indeed and that one is Olympus Mons the
largest volcano in the solar system
it's about a whole area of the country
of France it's huge
as Mars they're just above the moon very
easy to identify and there's two more
planets they're laid out for us I said
there were three in a row it's quite
striking at the moment they're all very
bright and just in that dawn sky with
all we look at the other two here's the
constellation of Sagittarius the Archer
personally I don't see an archer what I
see is a teapot and I do wonder how they
manage to make a man with a bow and
arrow on a horse here but never mind now
Sagittarius just above the horizon there
contains some very very dense star
clouds partly because we're looking at
the Milky Way at the densest part of our
galaxy towards the center of the Milky
Way here's the Eagle Nebula and this was
photographed by the Hubble Space
Telescope
you might recognize the pillars of
creation in the center of the Eagle
Nebula sorry iconic photograph that the
Hubble Space Telescope took of this
right in the center here showing how
these pillars of gas had formed this is
the Swan nebula it's the brightest bit
is the body of the Swan below that is
the wing and then you've got the neck
and the head it's a little difficult to
make out partly again because it's
upside down in this image just below the
Swan nebula we've got the Lagoon Nebula
this is quite quite bright actually you
can easily see this with binoculars you
probably won't see the colour unless
you've got a powerful telescope but it
does show that very bright pinky red
colour of hydrogen gas and a lot of new
stars that have been formed in this
region where the gravity's been cooling
the gas and dust together again just
next door is the trifid nebula and
there's some dark dust lanes running
across in front of the lit up gas and a
mixture of colors we've got the pink of
hydrogen and the blue light being
reflected from a couple of blue
supergiant stars there so very good
colour contrast in
so let's pull back away from the star
clouds of Sagittarius the Archer and I
promised you we'd go and look at the
planets so let's go and look at Jupiter
next Jupiter the largest planet in the
Solar System it's two and a half times
the mass of all the others put together
but it's still only one one thousandth
of the mass of the Sun so it just goes
to show how big the Sun really is
here's Jupiter as we zoom in we'd get
the view from binoculars or a small
telescope with the disk of the planet
and a couple of prominent cloud belts
there plus the four large moons that
were discovered by Galileo nearest to
Jupiter is IO then Europa then Ganymede
and Callisto orbits the furthest away of
the four if we zoom right in on the
planet we can see those cloud belts in
more detail and over to the right Center
you can see the Great Red Spot that's
about three times the size of the earth
we also see some white spots again all
these spots are storms within the
atmosphere and that great red spot has
been raging ever since Galileo four
hundred years ago first looked at
Jupiter with a telescope so it's been
going a long time let's have a look at
IO you can see the yellow color of it
already but when we zoom right in we can
see why it's yellow turns out that it's
absolutely covered in volcanoes every
one of those black dots and black
smudges is an active volcano on Io and
they've been spewing sulfur all over the
surface it's active all the time pulling
back from IO we're going to go the other
side of Jupiter and we'll take a little
look at a second moon Europa IO and
Europa are about the same size and about
the same size as our Moon
but Europa is covered in shiny white ice
with grooves and cracks and some of
those cracks are bringing dirty but
ruddy Brown organic material to the
surface we think there's an ocean
underneath that ice
and it may even be that there's some
form of life down there we don't know
the third moon is Ganymede now Ganymede
is a larger moon it's actually the
largest moon in the solar system bigger
than the planet Mercury so if this
orbited the Sun we would definitely call
it a planet and it's covered in ice and
there's a few craters but there's a lot
of activity being happening on the
surface of Ganymede recently and again
we think there might be an ocean
underneath some of that ice so it's a
little world that we're planning to
investigate in more detail and the
fourth moon of Jupiter the one that
orbits furthest away is Callisto and
Callisto is covered in craters and is
much darker it's about the same size as
Ganymede just a tiny bit smaller but
still larger than the planet Mercury so
a planet sized moon in its own right so
we'll pull back away from Jupiter and
its moons and then we'll swing left a
little bit and find Saturn no Saturn is
an absolutely magnificent sight in a
telescope and was the first object I
ever saw through a telescope and I was
absolutely hooked on astronomy as you
can probably tell ever since it's
something like 45 years ago I turned my
eyes to a telescope and saw the rings of
Saturn like this for the first time and
of course you can see a collection of
moons there the more powerful your
telescope the more moons you can find
because they're all different
brightnesses and you can pick up Titan
there quite easily let's zoom in a bit
more on the planet itself though and
show you that in more detail so we can
see the belts of Cloud belts on the
planet they're looping around it and if
magnificent set of rings it the Rings
are made of millions of millions of
individual particles all orbiting around
Saturn and probably result from the
disruption of a moon or a comet that
came too close and grabbed the gravity
of Saturn tore it apart here is Titan
again another planet
sized moon and this is covered in a
thick atmosphere and that atmosphere is
about 50% more dense than our own and
full of these smoggy orange clouds that
contain all sorts of interesting organic
chemicals perhaps the signs and the
seeds of life on Titan although it's a
chilly - a hundred and sixty degrees on
on this little world so maybe that might
present a bit of a problem
so that was Saturn now we're just going
to finish off this planetarium show for
you with a quick look at the moon and
the moon is just rising at 4:40 a.m.
this is set for the 15th of April and
it's a very accurate simulation of what
you would see look on a different night
the moon will be a little bit different
but the rest of things won't have
changed very much to see the Seas of the
moon and one or two prominent craters
there now if you want to know more about
the moon go and look on YouTube and find
my video of the moon which is in two
parts got some absolutely magnificent
photographs and a lot more detail about
the moon in it and indeed look at the
other videos that talk about the planets
and the life and death of stars and
there'll be more videos turning up there
as we go along so what I'm just going to
do to finish this planetarium show off
is move up and look up at the sky and
the stars up in this region here and
we'll just then let time run forward and
the sky will brighten because the Sun is
almost immediately coming up and so the
stars are going to fade away and the
disappear completely for the start of
another day one or two satellites
whizzing around there I think we see the
International Space Station at some
point in this presentation but we'll
talk about that another time
so there we go at the end of the show
thank you